hi everyone and welcome to the first
episode of the modded cars showcase the
first one we're going to go into is a
massacre Oh as you see it's got a chrome
without for lessened blue as the
secondary and the primary as well giving
that that blue chrome effect moving on
to the insurgent now this vehicles
rather special compared to the original
as it can take up to 11 shots from an
RPG that's just an RPG alone and lets
you shoot for the others but compared to
the original I think it can take five or
six RPG built rockets which makes this
vehicle extremely durable okay now we
have the canis Mesa comin in with app
for lessened blue for the primary and
secondary and you should be able to see
that compared to the original as a
hardtop unlike this one it's completely
removed and you can see inside it from
above so it does look pretty nice and is
rear vehicle as well now the Jester have
been wrapped in a chrome with our
primary and century very bright green
and the two shoes what the name is first
place it's kind of a toxic green and
it's giving that like greenish chrome
effect looking very nice indeed and a
rear vehicle as well
now moving on to another extremely rare
vehicle the lifeguard quad what makes us
because rare as it's truly insured
you've got it in your garage as well and
it's got customized rims and customized
paint job wait share you can't normally
get off of the original now we have the
Roosevelt this is an extremely rare
vehicle as you can you can't punch this
online anymore and I'm not too sure if
rockstar a bush be adding this in the
future but this being modded is called
the trunk bed completely removed with
the site tires removed as well and
they're modded primary green as well now
we have the Dinka enduro which came and
the heist update and I'm not so sure
about this I don't think many people
have it but it's a chrome green paint
job with custom wheels well what you
can't do the customs and this vehicle it
just looks extremely nice with this
customization built onto it so now we
have the modded other and you might be
wondering how is it modded spoil it does
have a primary for Less in blue with a
pearlescent and as you see by the
spoiler it's completely gone it's just
blacked out and being completely removed
as well and now we have an extremely
funny and extremely unusual vehicle this
is the Coco eight classic and as you see
the entire back of the vehicle is being
completely removed and this feeling
visible which is just amazing and they
imagine in an online lobby you would get
a lot of people wondering what this
vehicle is last but definitely not least
we have the Sanchez coming with its
modded tires which you can't fit on it
in the customs boat overall this vehicle
it's just a complete beast as well with
the chrome and the secondary kind of
Matt pair lesson as well
and just to first some things off we do
have free modded bikes here come in
three different colors toxic green for
Less in blue and another blue as well
thanks everyone for watching so this
garage was submitted by George and if
you want to be featured in the next
episode of modern car showcase leave a
comment down below and you could be
featured in the next episode so thank
you all for watching if you have enjoyed
the video feel free to subscribe leave a
comment down below and I'll see you next
time